feat: Implement StreamableHTTP (#273)
googleapis/gcloud-mcp: packages/gcloud-mcp/README.md

> ✓ gcloud: npx -y @google-cloud/gcloud-mcp (stdio) - Connected
```

### Streamable HTTP

The gcloud-mcp server supports a streamable HTTP transport mode, leveraging an Express server. Below are the steps to set up, configure, and verify this mode.

```shell
npx @google-cloud/gcloud-mcp --transport=http
```
This command will initialize an express gcloud MCP server that listens on the default port(3000)

```shell
npx @google-cloud/gcloud-mcp init --agent=gemini-cli --transport=http
```
This command creates the necessary configuration for gemini-cli to connect to a http gcloud MCP server

After the initialization process, you can verify the gcloud MCP server is configured correctly by running the following command:

```
gemini mcp list

> ✓ gcloud (from gcloud-mcp): http://localhost:3000/mcp (http) - Connected
```

Disclaimer:

> Please be aware that gcloud itself is not designed to be multi-threading safe. Running gcloud-mcp, which may invoke gcloud commands, could potentially lead to concurrency issues in a multi-request environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that gcloud is not designed to be multi-threading safe, and gcloud-mcp does not prevent concurrent invocations. Some use cases of the Streaming HTTP transport may not be appropriate given this limitation.
```
